Move acceptance tests into their own folder (#348)
microsoft/terraform-provider-azuredevops: docs/testing.md

`_test.go` files which contain test helper routines **must not** include any build tag. Otherwise those routines aren't available during a test run because the GO compiler i.e. `go test` will only honor files that either contain the specified build tag or does not contain any build tag at all.

> If HCL code must be created for performing acceptance tests, add a function to `azuredevops/internal/acctests/commons_hcl.go` and try to reuse existing definitions.

Reviewer: Wrong `common_hcl.go` config path
```suggestion
If HCL code must be created for performing acceptance tests, add a function to `azuredevops/internal/acceptancetests/testutils/hcl.go` and try to reuse existing definitions.
```

> Note: The established integration testing pattern for Terraform Providers is to write [Acceptance Tests](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/testing/acceptance-tests/index.html). The process is well defined but is complicated. Get started by reading through the excellent [guide](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/testing/acceptance-tests/testcase.html) published by Hashicorp.

Acceptance tests should live under the [`acctests`](../azuredevops/internal/acctests) folder

![Acceptance Test Example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2497673/83199694-59b37e80-a107-11ea-9437-209c46f139ea.png)

Here are some important details:

>  - **Line 14**: Set up resource names. The function `testutils.GenerateResourceName()`, is used so that it is easy to identify any orphaned test resources in AzDO. This is defined in [commons.go](../azuredevops/internal/acctests/testutils/commons.go).

Reviewer: Outdated documents, need update
